---
tags: plan
layout: plan
title: Unbound
---

# Unbound

## Recurring dream

Nim and Prince Aseir each been having similar dreams recently; not every night,
but every few nights. Each dream always starts with you woken up suddenly by an
ageing woman. With her help, you flee a different horror or are drawn by the
promise of reward to a distant tower.

Tall and alone, the unadorned tower stands in an almost barren valley. Its
stonework is slotted together; each stone taller than a human but no further
apart than a fingernail.

You're brought to an entrance, although it's only carved in the stone of the
building, facing the bottom of the valley. It's here she speaks to you "**LINE
OF RIDDLE**. There are two others. They will help.  Meet them there."

The dreams end there, some of the specifics fade, but the way to the tower and
ageing woman don't.

Elmon, you recieved a letter from a bardic friend, somebody who you trust, that
invites you to travel to this location - the letter expresses excitement over a
odd rumour of an adventure that will become a great tale! It's such a shame
that he can't go this time because he's "**LINE OF RIDDLE**".

Attracted by these, you've travelled to this location.

## Arrival at the Tower

<aside>Allow character introductions</aside>

You have all, making your own journeys, finally arrived. The cold, drizzle, and
blustery wind fight through your clothes, chilling you. You can smell the musk
of the heather and peat. You arrived at different times over the last few days,
Nim, then Prince Aseir, then Elmon. 

The tower is as Nim and Prince Aseir remember in their dreams: tall, standing
at around 130ft, it narrows slightly as it goes towards the top. There's no
decoration and no windows. The unweathered stone is smooth to touch. 

The door faces towards the entrance of the valley, easy to find.

## The Door

The only decoration on the tower is the form of large doorway, carved into the
stone - 17 feet high.

Above the door, you can see runes that you do not recognise. It cannot be
naturally understood by anybody in the party. On a successful history check,
<span class="check">15</span>, it can be recognised as **LOST LANGUAGE**, a
lost language. If the language can be understood, it reads "**ARCHAIC
WARNING**".

To enter, the characters must speak the word "unbind" or "free".

## Entering the Tower

A single room 

## Artefact

 - Stored in a crumbling ruin which holds magical protections.
 - Artefact will provide the wearer, if they're a descendant of *A* with some
   powerful ablities. If it's not a descendant, it does very little.

---

## Behind the scenes

 - imprisoned being wishes to be freed, a milenia since he was put to sleep
 - reaching out to people and tricking them to free him
 - for him to leave:
    - the word "unbind" must be spoken at the door to free him
    - he must wear the amulet

