---

title: "Appendix 1: Characters"
description: The characters involved in this campaign.

campaignId: the-vanquished

order: 4

---

This includes information about the major characters in this campaign.

## The Characters

### Elidyr

Elidyr is an ancient high-elf wizard. Her hair is grey and face
wrinkled, pointed ears poke out under a circlet with a ruby gemstone
set, and her robes are a deep dark red with intricate symbols laced in a
golden thread.

The circlet is decorated in the image of the sun on a horizon with a
downward sword piercing the horizon. The ruby is the sun, spikes of gold
show the sun rays, and the sword is an iron.

![Circlet design](/images/elidyrs-symbol.svg)

**Marriage in a Different Land.** Elidyr, born Une, was born in a nearby
elven community [[TODO - elven community name]] who had been at war with
the Renaura for over 150 years and studied magic for the first 80 years
of her life. She was promised to the son of *Lord Lunit Renaura*
during the peace process and, at the age of 85 years, was taken and
raised by Lord Lunit Renaura. She was never happy with this and was
distrustful of most humans. Unchecked, she continued to study magic in
Renaura but started to delve into darker magic to have the power over
others and eldritch creatures.

**Right to Rule.** It was here that she met and had an affair with
*Faurin*. Together, Elidyr and Faurin thought of grand and naive plans
of ruling for the betterment of the realm. Elidyr took these more
seriously than Faurin and over the next few years, started putting plans
into place. Over 500 years ago, Elidyr then used her skills of the
arcane to overthrow the government of the Renaura and control the
people.

**Faurin's wish.** Elidyr was captured and imprisoned in the [[TODO -
tower name]] by Faurin's wish. Unable to leave, she spent years finding
ways to influence the outside world, 

#### Elidyr's Traits

**Ideal**: No others have more skills, knowledge, and power than I to
rule and command.

**Bond**: I will return to Renaura to rule.

**Flaw**: I will use everything in my power to get my revenge on the
peoples tribes who betrayed me.

### Faurin

Faurin was *Elidyr*'s lover, before she overthrew the government of
Renaura over 500 years ago. While he supported Elidyr's vision of the
future, he disagreed with the destruction she caused trying to achieve
it.

*Lord Lunit Rehani* convinced Faurin to agree to kill the Elidyr.
However, in his love of her, he instead imprisoned her in a warded
tower, taking her amulet, a family heirloom, as proof of killing her.
The warded tower would only allow her to leave if the amulet was
returned and the tower's doorway reopened. Faurin had planned to later
free Elidyr from the tower, when he discovered a way to strip the Elidyr
of her powers.

After Faurin returned to the Lord Lunit with the amulet, his victory
celebrated. He spent the rest of his life in high regard with the Lord
Lunit as their family scholar. He spent much time working in secret to
find a way to free Elidyr but to no avail. Over time, he became a
frustrated and bitter man, eventually resorting to suicide. Still
celebrated, he was buried with the family in the Tomb of the Last
Rehani, the amulet buried with him.

Despite his wish to leave the world, the Faurin's knowledge that there
is no hope of stripping the Elidyr of her powers bound his to the amulet
to prevent anybody from ever returning it to her.

If Faurin is ever freed from here, his soul travels to [[TODO: choose
plane]].

#### Faurin's Traits

**Ideal**:

**Bond**: To protect Elidyr but to protect Renauria from Elidyr.

**Flaw**: 

### Lord Lunit Rehani

### 
