---
title: "Characters"
type: "Appendix"
---

This includes information about the major characters in this campaign.

## Elidyr

Elidyr is an ancient high-elf wizard. Her hair is grey and face
wrinkled; pointed ears poke out under a circlet with a ruby gemstone
set, and her robes are a deep dark red with intricate symbols laced in a
golden thread.

The circlet is decorated in the image of the sun on a horizon with a
downward sword piercing the horizon. The ruby is the sun, spikes of gold
show the sun rays, and an iron cruciform is the sword.

![Circlet design](/images/elidyrs-symbol.svg)

**Marriage in a Different Land.** Elidyr, born Une, was born in the
elven community Aymeluma. Born the daughter of the elvish Lord, she
studied natural magic during the early years of her life. During the
peace process of an ending war between Aymeluma and Renaura, she was
promised to _Lainot_, son of _King Lunit Rehani_. When she was fifty,
still young by elvish standards, she was taken from Aymeluma and raised
to be the lady consort of Lainot. Lainot was an abusive husband and
later, after succeeding his father, was a weak leader. Through the
enduring abuse, Elydir became lachrymose and distrustful of humanity.

**Right to Rule.** To distract herself from her husband's abuse, Elydir
found solace in the study of magic. During her study she met _Faurin_, a
kind and generous man. His care lead to devotion and love and intimacy.
Together, Elidyr and Faurin dreamed of naive grand plans to rule for the
betterment of the realm. Elidyr, already in a place of power, took
these plans more seriously than Faurin. Over the next few years, she
started putting plans into place. Her study also took a darker turn,
delving into powers for the control of minds and unsavoury creatures. It
was then, over 500 years ago, Elidyr used these skills to kill Lainot,
overthrow government of the Renaura and take control of its people. Yet,
for Elydir, despite the power she had amassed, her greed was unfulfilled
and her desire for power continued to grow.

**Faurin's wish.** It was only by Faurin's wish that Elidyr was captured
and imprisoned in a powerfully warded tower. Unable to leave, she spent
years detecting means of influencing the outside world to become unbound
from the Faurin's prison.

### Goals

**Escape the Tower**

**Rule over Renaura**

**Kill the Aymelumans**

**Find the Shards of the Fulcrum**

#### Elidyr's Traits

**Ideal**: Superiority. I am superior over all others who wish to rule.
No others have more skills, knowledge, and power than I. It is my place
to rule over the realms of man.

**Bond**: Renaura will be at the centre of my empire and those who live
there will bow to my will.

**Flaw**: I will use everything in my power to get my revenge on those
who betrayed me.

## Faurin

Faurin was a half-elf sworn to the Renauran Scholars - a school devoted
to the Rehani. He was Elydir's closest friend and lover. While he
generally supported Elidyr's vision of the future, he disagreed with the
destruction she caused trying to achieve it. His ghost inhabits the Tomb
of the Last Rehani but if freed his soul will travel to Mount Celestia.

In ghostly form, his grey thinning hair is scrapped back off his narrow
haggard face. His eyes are bloodshot and tears permanently wet his
cheeks. He wears simple woollen robes. He appears much healthier and a
little younger if he is freed to Mount Celestia - his hair thicker and
his eyes are no longer bloodshot. He is generally melancholic but, in
his rare smiles, his face softens and shines sincerity and warmth.

**Faurin's promise.** Prince Bainot Rehani, brother of the murdered
King Lainot Rehani, convinced Faurin to kill the Elidyr. However, in his love of her
he instead imprisoned her in a powerfully warded tower, taking her
amulet as proof of killing her. In hope that he may eventually be able
to save Elidyr by stripping her of her powers, the warded tower would
only allow her to leave if the amulet was returned and the tower's
doorway reopened.

**Lost hope.** Faurin returned to the prince with the amulet, his
victory celebrated. He spent the rest of his life in high regard with
the lord. He spent much time working in secret to find a way to free
Elidyr but to no avail but over time, he became a frustrated and bitter
man, killing himself in a deep depression. Still celebrated, he was
buried with the family in the Tomb of the Last Rehani, the amulet buried
with him. Despite his wish to leave the world, Faurin's knowledge that
there is no hope of stopping Elidyr if bound him to the amulet as a
protector. If freed, his soul will travel to Mount Celestia.

### Faurin's Traits

**Ideal**: _Knowledge._ Through knowledge the world can be bettered.

**Bond**: No matter the wrong that Elydir has done, I love her.

**Flaw**: Though I will help others fight against Elydir, I will not let
them kill her.

## Banir Any-kin (Morcanloth)

An Arcanaloth in disguised as a fair elf, Banir Any-kin, using the
_Alter Self_ spell. In his pack are dark tomes, spell scrolls, and dark
arcane components.

He seeks knowledge and believes that it will lead him to power and self
agency. During his travels, he has been in search of the Lost Book of
Keeping that contains his name. When he sees something that is magical
or full of knowledge, he can't think of anything else other than how to
get it.

He has taken a long and difficult journey to Lunia to find [Ith, the Orb
of Empathy][ith] for Elydir, in exchange for access to the libraries. He
knows that Faurin's location and that he has knowledge of where Ith is.

He wears a _Ring of Mind Shielding_.

Already exhausted, if the players speak to him, he will show a very
brief flash of annoyance which any character who makes a successful
check against a Wisdom (Insight) DC 19 will see. He will then politely
give the reason to being here is to trade with people in _Hearts Faith_.

He has bribed the captain to hide him from any patrol ships that move
nearby, paying him with an old copy of a common novel.

If he comes to learn who the characters are, he will try to use them and
their knowledge to reach the weapon.

## Qa'lir and Qa'por

The first of the Olinarelidyr, Qa'lir, travelled to Renaura to overthrow
King Morcant and place a puppet in his place.

Qa'lir's symbol is a rope burning in the middle. The symbol on the
shared sending stone with Elidyr is shown by a rope burning in the
middle under Elidyr's symbol.

The second, Qa'por, is travelling to bring armies of evil creatures to
Elidyr's side. It's unlikely that the characters will find Qa'por,
though they will find information that will help them find Qa'por in the
future.

Qa'por's symbol is a shattered chain. The symbol on the shared sending
stone with Elidyr is shown by a shattered chain under Elidyr's symbol.

Qa'lir and Qa'por share a sending stone, the symbol shows a shattered
chain and a burning rope in a circle, tied together.
