---
title: "Cold to the Bones"
type: "Chapter"
index: 1
---

The Princedom of Renauria is cold. The ice and snow chills the bones of
the inhabitants. This chapter gives you information you need to prepare
for the adventurers' journey into the region. This chapter outlines the
history and goals of Elydir the Vanquised so that you're prepared for
what awaits the characters.

## Elydir, the Vanquished

Elydir is an ancient high-elf wizard. Her hair is grey and face
wrinkled; pointed ears poke out under a circlet with a ruby gemstone
set, and her robes are a deep dark red with intricate symbols laced in a
golden thread.

The circlet is decorated in the image of the sun on a horizon with a
downward sword piercing the horizon. The ruby is the sun, spikes of gold
show the sun rays, and an iron cruciform is the sword.

![Circlet design](/images/elydirs-symbol.svg)

Initially, she will be encountered in the [Lonely Tower], but will be
encountered elsewhere if she is freed.

### Elydir's history

Elydir, born Une, was born into nobility in the elven community
Aymeluma, the daughter of the elvish Lord Ikanyr Glynlamin. She studied
natural magic during the early years of her life.

Promised to the prince _Prince Lainot of Rehani_ to end a enduring war
between Aymeluma and Renaura, the young Une was taken from Aymeluma and
raised to be the lady consort of Lainot. Lainot was an abusive husband
and, after succeeding his father, a feeble violent leader. Through the
enduring abuse, Elydir became forlorn and distrustful of humans.

To distract herself from her husband's abuse, Elydir found solace in the
study of magic, especially enchantments. During her study she met
_Faurin_, a kind and generous man. His care lead to devotion and love
and intimacy. Together, Elydir and Faurin dreamed of naive grand plans
to rule for the betterment of the realm. Elydir, already in a place of
power, took these plans more seriously than Faurin. Over the next few
years, she started putting plans into place. Her study also took a
darker turn, delving into powers for the control of minds and unsavoury
creatures. It was then, over 500 years ago, Elydir used these skills to
kill Lainot, overthrow government of the Renaura and take control of its
people. Yet, for Elydir, despite the power she had amassed, her greed
was unfulfilled and her desire for power continued to grow.

It was only by Faurin's wish that Elydir was captured and imprisoned in
a powerfully warded tower. Unable to leave, she spent years detecting
means of influencing the outside world to become unbound from the
Faurin's prison.

### Goals

Elydir has the following goals in the adventure.

#### Escape the Tower

Trapped in the solice of her prison tower, Elydir has become master of
illusion and divination. To escape, she needs the Dawnsword Amulet.
Using her powers the elf-wizard has watched from afar. She has
manipulated history through apparations and dreams, causing turmoil and
trouble, and attracted followers.

The wards protecting the amulet have frustrated Elydir's plan to use
her followers to recover it. She has discovered that the amulet can only
be found by those who do not aim to free Elydir. This failure has lead
to her plan to decieve adventurers into returning this amulet to her
and has been doing so by bringing misfortune to Aymeluma.

Once she has escaped the tower, she will forget about the adventurers as
they have finished their use, to focus on her other goals. At least,
that is, until they next interfere with her plans.

#### Rule Renauria

#### Pubish the Aymelumans

#### Find the Shards of the Fulcrum

### Roleplaying Elydir

### When Elydir manipulates

### When Elydir attacks

[lonely tower]: ../chapter-lonely-tower/
