---
title: "Introduction"
type: "Introduction"
index: 1
---

This campaign takes place in the region of Ternia in the areas
surrounding the City of Renaura.

### Elidyr and the Olinarelidyr

Since her escape using her amulet, Elidyr's has been planning to release
great evil on the world as revenge for her prolonged imprisonment. The
characters will remember the symbol on her amulet as a rising sun behind
a dagger pointing down <small>(this was not revealed to the players in
[Unbound](/adventures/unbound/plan/) but the characters will recognise
it)</small>.

![Elidyr's symbol showing a rising sun behind a dagger pointing
down](/images/elidyrs-symbol.svg)

Elidyr works in total secrecy, concealing her location with magic. She
commands two loyal spellcasters _Qa'lir_ and _Qa'por_, known to her as
the _Olinarelidyr_. Qa'lir and Qa'por are twins. They are know to common
folk as "The Vanquished Fist".

### Olinarelidyr

The Olinarelidyr have been tasked with
bringing Ternia under her control. Elidyr communicates with the
Olinarelidyr using sending stones, each carved with Elidyr's
symbol and their own.

### The City of Renaura

The prosperity of Renaura has now passed. The influence of Qa'lir has
spread corruption in almost all parts of the city.

### The Deposition of King Morcant

Qa'lir arrived in Renaura and quickly garnered respect as a rich
merchant with the nobles. She quickly became close to Telnetar,
eventually casting a spell to force Telnetar to do her bidding and
threatening Telnetar's family.

Qa'lir spent the next few weeks building a new guard force for Telnetar.
Buying some of them, threatening some of them, and replacing some by
apprentice spell casters. She personally replaced the old guard captain

King Morcant had regular meetings with Telnetar, and Qa'lir used this to
stage the coup. Telnetar, attending this meeting bringing his guards
along, citing a recent attempt against his life, and was allowed to keep
the guards with him.

When the Telnetar and the guards arrived for the meeting in the castle's
parlour, they immediately fought King Morcant's guards, attempting to
kill the Lord. Qa'lir and the replaced guards used dark magic during the
fight. Telnetar, realising a flaw in the magic that was binding him to
Qa'lir's magic, told King Morcant to flee during the fight. King
Morcant, realising the threat, fled with his family.

### The Kidnapping of Telnetar's Family

After Telnetar's disobedience to Qa'lir, Qa'lir ordered Telnetar's
family to be kidnapped to ensure Telnetar's good behaviour.

### Qa'lir in Renaura

Qa'lir's servants are _wights_.

Qa'lir has spies throughout all parts of the city, from beggars to
servants in the remaining noble's houses. It only takes hours for
displays of rebellion to reach the ears of Qa'lir. These spies have been
bribed or threatened by Qa'lir's servants.

### Guards

One of Qa'lir's first director orders through Telnetar as a puppet was
to replace the head of the guard with one of her _wight_ servants,
Kexor. One of Kexor's first orders was to kidnap Telnetar's family.

In general, the guards now live in fear of Lord Telnetar and Kexor where
before they were happy to serve. Severe disobedience usually leads to
corporal or capital punishment. The guards are rarely used by the city
government to prevent crime but instead are used to prevent the uprising
of the people.

Guards are rarely punished for villainy and some (roughly 3/10) are
revelling in it.

A rare few very good natured guards (roughly 1/10) will be willing to
help the characters, especially if they see something that makes them
realise the corruption. These guards will usually do it privately
fearing the other guards. Most will be caught at some point.

The remaining guards will follow most commands from their superiors out
of fear.

### Civilians

Crime is now rife in the city, though very little of it is organised.
Qa'lir has killed or threatened most of the gangs within the city.

Between harassment from guards and the rising crime in the city, most of
the civilians are downtrodden. A lot of civilians believe that Telnetar
was just waiting to seize the opportunity to take the city.
