---
title: "Characters"
type: "Appendix"
index: "A"
---

This includes information about the major characters in this campaign.

### Elydir

#### Spell list

- Scrying
- Dream
- Project Image

## Faurin

Faurin was a half-elf sworn to the Denauran Scholars - a school devoted
to the Rehani. He was Elydir's closest friend and lover. While he
generally supported Elydir's vision of the future, he disagreed with the
destruction she caused trying to achieve it. His ghost inhabits the Tomb
of the Last Rehani but if freed his soul will travel to Mount Celestia.

In ghostly form, his grey thinning hair is scrapped back off his narrow
haggard face. His eyes are bloodshot and tears permanently wet his
cheeks. He wears simple woollen robes. He appears much healthier and a
little younger if he is freed to Mount Celestia - his hair thicker and
his eyes are no longer bloodshot. He is generally melancholic but, in
his rare smiles, his face softens and shines sincerity and warmth.

**Faurin's promise.** Prince Bainot Rehani, brother of the murdered
King Lainot Rehani, convinced Faurin to kill the Elydir. However, in his love of her
he instead imprisoned her in a powerfully warded tower, taking her
amulet as proof of killing her. In hope that he may eventually be able
to save Elydir by stripping her of her powers, the warded tower would
only allow her to leave if the amulet was returned and the tower's
doorway reopened.

**Lost hope.** Faurin returned to the prince with the amulet, his
victory celebrated. He spent the rest of his life in high regard with
the lord. He spent much time working in secret to find a way to free
Elydir but to no avail but over time, he became a frustrated and bitter
man, killing himself in a deep depression. Still celebrated, he was
buried with the family in the Tomb of the Last Rehani, the amulet buried
with him. Despite his wish to leave the world, Faurin's knowledge that
there is no hope of stopping Elydir if bound him to the amulet as a
protector. If freed, his soul will travel to Mount Celestia.

### Faurin's Traits

**Ideal**: _Knowledge._ Through knowledge the world can be bettered.

**Bond**: No matter the wrong that Elydir has done, I love her.

**Flaw**: Though I will help others fight against Elydir, I will not let
them kill her.

## Banir Any-kin (Morcanloth)

An Arcanaloth in disguised as a fair elf, Banir Any-kin, using the
_Alter Self_ spell. In his pack are dark tomes, spell scrolls, and dark
arcane components.

He seeks knowledge and believes that it will lead him to power and self
agency. During his travels, he has been in search of the Lost Book of
Keeping that contains his name. When he sees something that is magical
or full of knowledge, he can't think of anything else other than how to
get it.

He has taken a long and difficult journey to Lunia to find [Ith, the Orb
of Empathy][ith] for Elydir, in exchange for access to the libraries. He
knows that Faurin's location and that he has knowledge of where Ith is.

He wears a _Ring of Mind Shielding_.

Already exhausted, if the characters speak to him, he will show a very
brief flash of annoyance which any character who makes a successful
check against a Wisdom (Insight) DC 19 will see. He will then politely
give the reason to being here is to trade with people in _Hearts Faith_.

He has bribed the captain to hide him from any patrol ships that move
nearby, paying him with an old copy of a common novel.

If he comes to learn who the characters are, he will try to use them and
their knowledge to reach the weapon.

## Qa'lir and Qa'por

The first of the Olinar-Elydir, Qa'lir, travelled to Denaura to overthrow
King Morcant and place a puppet in his place.

Qa'lir's symbol is a rope burning in the middle. The symbol on the
shared sending stone with Elydir is shown by a rope burning in the
middle under Elydir's symbol.

The second, Qa'por, is travelling to bring armies of evil creatures to
Elydir's side. It's unlikely that the characters will find Qa'por,
though they will find information that will help them find Qa'por in the
future.

Qa'por's symbol is a shattered chain. The symbol on the shared sending
stone with Elydir is shown by a shattered chain under Elydir's symbol.

Qa'lir and Qa'por share a sending stone, the symbol shows a shattered
chain and a burning rope in a circle, tied together.
