---
title: "Cold to the Bones"
type: "Chapter"
index: 1
---

Ice and snow chills the bones of those who suffer a life in Renau. This
chapter gives you information you need to prepare for the adventurers'
journey into the region. This chapter outlines the history and goals of
Elydir the Vanquished so that you're prepared for what awaits the
characters.

## Elydir, the Vanquished

Elydir is an ancient high-elf wizard. Her hair is grey and face
wrinkled; pointed ears poke out under a circlet with a ruby gemstone
set, and her robes are a deep dark red with intricate symbols laced in a
golden thread.

The circlet is decorated in the image of the sun on a horizon with a
downward sword piercing the horizon. The ruby is the sun, spikes of gold
show the sun rays, and an iron cruciform is the sword.

![Circlet design](/images/elydirs-symbol.svg)

Initially, she will be encountered in the [Lonely Tower], but will be
encountered elsewhere if she is freed.

### Elydir's history

Elydir, born Une, was born into nobility in the elven community
Aymeluma, the daughter of the elvish Lord Ikanyr Glynlamin. She studied
natural magic during the early years of her life.

Promised to the prince _Prince Lainot of Rehani_ to end a enduring war
between Aymeluma and Renaura, the young Une was taken from Aymeluma and
raised to be the lady consort of Lainot. Lainot was an abusive husband
and, after succeeding his father, a feeble violent leader. Through the
enduring abuse, Elydir became forlorn and distrustful of humans.

To distract herself from her husband's abuse, Elydir found solace in the
study of magic, especially enchantments. During her study she met
_Faurin_, a kind and generous man. His care lead to devotion and love
and intimacy. Together, Elydir and Faurin dreamed of naive grand plans
to rule for the betterment of the realm. Elydir, already in a place of
power, took these plans more seriously than Faurin. Over the next few
years, she started putting plans into place. Her study also took a
darker turn, delving into powers for the control of minds and unsavoury
creatures. It was then, over 500 years ago, Elydir used these skills to
kill Lainot, overthrow government of the Renaura and take control of its
people. Yet, for Elydir, despite the power she had amassed, her greed
was unfulfilled and her desire for power continued to grow.

It was only by Faurin's wish that Elydir was captured and imprisoned in
a powerfully warded tower. Elydir's last act, before she was imprisoned,
was to curse on those of Renau in revenge. Through a portal to an ice
plane, she brought a raw and bitter life to those who fought against
her.

Unable to leave her prison, she spent years dedicating herself to means
of influencing the outside. To one day again be free and to take back
her right to rule.

### Goals

Elydir has the following goals in the campaign.

#### Escape the Tower

Trapped in the solace of her prison tower, Elydir has become master of
illusion and divination. To escape, she needs the Dawnsword Amulet.
Using her powers the elf-wizard has watched from afar. She has
manipulated history through apparitions and dreams, causing turmoil and
trouble, and attracted followers.

The wards protecting the amulet have frustrated Elydir's plan to use
her followers to recover it. She has discovered that the amulet can only
be found by those who do not aim to free Elydir. This failure has lead
to her plan to deceive adventurers into returning this amulet to her
and has been doing so by bringing misfortune to Aymeluma.

Once she has escaped the tower, she will forget about the adventurers as
they have finished their use, to focus on her other goals. At least,
that is, until they next interfere with her plans.

#### Rule Renauria

#### Punish the Aymelumans

#### Find the Shards of the Fulcrum

### Role-playing Elydir

Elydir believes she has the right to rule and she has the will to
dominate. She believes that she will create a better, fairer world. One
without abuse ruled through might and power. If the characters ask
why she should rule, she tells them it is because she was
taken from her safe world into their treacherous one and no others in
their world have the will to fix it.

There are very few things Elydir wouldn't do to achieve domination but she
will avoid hurting the innocent, especially children. In spite of this,
it tales very little for the innocent to be judged as guilty and she is
merciless to those who are guilty - as all Aymelumans are.

Before her imprisonment, Elydir was impulsive and fiery. Over the four
centuries in the Lonely Tower, she has become calm and calculating but
she seeks an unfeeling and cold vengeance. She cares little for the
freedom and livelihoods of those that she would rule. While she has
become detached in most ways, she fears being controlled, as she was by
Lainot, or betrayed, as she was by Faurin.

Elydir is patient. Her plans take years to unfold, she and she is
unlikely to be deterred by failure. Through her scheming, she will
exploit others but will discard them when they are no longer useful.
Using her powers of divination and persuasion, she will investigate
those who oppose her ends and use their failings to her advantages.

Paranoia forces Elydir to rule from afar. She influences her own forces
and other factions through carefully selected few intermediaries
preferring deception and anonymity. Even with her intermediaries, Elydir
is cautious and will use her powers of projection to conceal her true
location.

### Elydir's interference

Elydir will meet the adventurers early in the campaign out of necessity.
Unless they are a clear threat, she will forget about them. However,
it's unlikely to take long before she recognises their threat if they
oppose her. When she is free, she will aim to be unknown to the world.
She will avoid direct confrontation but the characters will face those
who follow her or those who are manipulated by her.

Using her powers of divination, Elydir will spy on the characters and
their allies. In this way, she finds the adventurers useful and will
want to keep them alive unless they become too much of a threat. She
will accept strategic losses and allow the characters to have short term
success to gain the upper hand. Limited resources and grand goals stand
in the way of Elydir focusing directly on the adventurers but she will
use her resources to weaken.

Elydir relies on others and her magic items for her immense power. Alone
and separated, she is still a force to be reckoned with - using
manipulation and enchantment to control others.

[lonely tower]: ../chapter-lonely-tower/
