---
title: "The Region of Denau"
type: "Chapter"
index: 2
---

Denau was once a land once protected by the harshest of weather and
the people thrived on fertile volcanic lands before Elydir's curse.

![A tiled map of the Denau region](/images/renau-region-map.png)

### Tower road

To see how quickly the adventurers get through the city to the, the
characters can take a DC 20 Survival (Wisdom) check. On a:

- _success_, the journey takes 24 hours, with 1 night's rest. The first
  day gets them to the road. The second day gets them to the city in
  the afternoon.
- _failure_, the journey takes 48 hours, with 2 nights' rest. The first
  day is spent being lost in the wilderness. The second day gets them
  to the road. The third day gets them to the city in the afternoon.

General environment: Moor–wilderness → Road in the moors → Road through
hilly–forest → Road through hilly–forest broken up by pastures
(mountains and city in distance)

## The Denau Mountain path

Steep mountain path that winds up the wooded foothills of the mountains.
As the path climbs the mountain, it will climb along the top of an icy
ravine, with cliffs down to the right. This path climbs for about 10
miles. Along the top of this ravine, it's _extremely cold_ (p110 DMG).

About 7 miles up the mountain, there will be _strong winds_ (p110 DMG)
and is obscured by heavy snow (p110 DMG, heavy precipitation). Players
will think they hear a howling on the wind. Around here, a DC 16
perception check will show that there are animal tracks around. A
successful DC 18 Wisdom (Survival) check will identify these as three
wolves and two winter wolves which have travelled up the mountain.

After another mile, the players will be set upon by two _winter wolves_
(p340 MM) and _three wolves_ (p341 MM). In the area there will be chunks
of _slippery ice_ (p110 DMG), tall cliffs and rocks to hide behind.

After another half mile, the ravine eventually disappears and the
characters are now in a path between two mountains, still climbing.

At the top of path following up the ravine, the path splits: to the
north, further up the mountain; and to the east, down the mountain. A
mostly covered signpost shows that the [[mountain monastery]] is up the
mountain, and Aymeluma is down the mountain.

Coming back down the mountain on east side, the players will follow a
river that joins from the east of the mountain.
